add information about gaslining (#119)
endless-sky/endless-sky-wiki: wiki/CreatingOutfits.md

  * `"turret turn multiplier"`: modifies turn rates of all turrets installed on the ship. The final value of a turret's turn rate is `"turret turn" * (1 + "turret turn multiplier" + "turret turn multiplier"(on hardpoint))`. **(v. 0.10.13)**

>   * `"gaslining"`: a purely data attribute, used to indicate outfits which provide the ship with the ability to land on gas giants.

Reviewer: Maybe move the bullet up to be below `"landing speed"` as an organizational thing (since gaslining is a landing-related attribute)?

```suggestion
  * `"gaslining"`: a [custom attribute](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/wiki/CreatingShips#custom-attributes), used to indicate outfits which allow the ship to land on gas giants.
```
